i'm just gonna forget it ever happened
and hopefully everyone else has just
forgotten it happened to
and isn't majorly regretting hiring me
[Music]
hello everyone i'm back in my pajamas
but i saw i have actually
got out today and done my job and i just
got back in my pajamas again
because it's been a long day you know
just need to be in my comfy clothes this
evening
i had a traumatic experience at work
today guys
basically i was in a video call meeting
with the whole of my team so probably
about 20 people
and we had been given a question to
brainstorm
answers to and the question was
something along the lines of
what does being in this division of the
company
mean to you or what does it mean to be
part of
this company division and we were all
supposed to be kind of
contributing ideas except when our team
leader says
does anyone have any ideas everyone just
sat there
silent and not saying anything and then
someone on the team comes up with a
great idea of saying oh yeah we should
throw it out to our most recent joiners
they should answer
wow great and then the team leader goes
right paige
what do you think and i
just said like the most stupid answer i
just i really
don't think on the spot very well so i
was just like
um well it just means that i'm part of a
big
team no way how insightful paige
i just wanted the ground to swallow me
up i swear and you know when you say
something and there's that really
awkward silence where just no one
responds to what you said
because they're probably thinking why
the hell did we even hire this girl
um this is embarrassing
why couldn't i have said something
intelligent instead i'm just like yes it
it just means
being part of a team to be fair to me
no one else was contributing anything up
to that point oh
yeah i'm just gonna forget it ever
happened and hopefully everyone else has
just forgotten it happened to
and isn't majorly regretting hiring me
okay my dinner is ready i'm gonna go eat
my dinner um
yeah i'm coming on the menu tonight is
some mashed potato
some cajun chicken cheddar mashed
tonight she had a mashed potato
i'm told um some burnt cajun chicken
burnt cajun chicken we are always a
winner we love that
my parents have peas but you should
never put peas anywhere near my plate
what's my veg oh some broccoli
and you've also got
cauliflower that's my favorite favorite
veg right there
i am just going to briefly pause the
vlog to introduce the sponsor of today's
video
which is ucas now ucas run the
centralized application process for
british universities
and very soon they are running discovery
days which are these online events
that are there to help 16 to 17 year
olds
decide what they want to do when their
school days are over
these events are currently running
online on the 20th of april 21st of
april 5th of may
the discovery day events are built
around six zones and the first one of
these is the discover university zone
here you can search and connect with
universities across the uk
you can browse courses you can speak to
current students
course choice is so important and there
will be courses out there that you don't
even know exist
for example i was at an event and i went
to a talk on earth
sciences i had no clue what that was
about prior to going to that talk and
then i ended up opting for that
as part of my degree spoiler is a lot of
rocks
likewise i didn't just wake up one day
and know i needed to go to cambridge i
spoke to students from so many other
universities across the uk
you need to ask the important questions
what's the accommodation like
what's the workload like what are the
social opportunities clubs societies
music sports
laundry facilities very important and
also
whether it's situated in a town or a big
city or if it's all condensed onto a
campus what would you prefer
i'd really recommend taking notes as
well because i know there can be so much
to take in when you go to these events
another zone is the discover career zone
so university is not the only choice far
from it you can do an apprenticeship
or you can go straight into employment
also a really notable event is dr alex a
star of love island an nhs
front line doctor and a government
mental health ambassador
he is giving a talk on taking control of
your future i'm sure it's going to be
so inspiring and that is at 10 am on the
20th of april
follow the link in the description to
sign up to one of the discovery days
events
and yeah back to the vlog
[Music]
hello so i have done a business finance
mock exam today
so i'm suddenly feeling quite pleased
with myself it's already
5 11 in the afternoon
because i got up quite late i just
decided you know what i need to get some
sleep you know
sleep fuels me so i was like yeah i
deserve a lion
so i didn't actually get started until
late morning did my mock submitted my
mark
i still need to do some work this
evening but
i am going to look at my statistics mock
result i don't even know i want to see
it i can't pass
everything like i just need to accept
that it's a mock
and whatever i just hope i didn't fail
it
really badly if i fail it but not too
badly that's okay
this is my first statistics mock by the
way this is the mock i did
over a week ago i did my second
statistics mock
a few days ago in the evening i did my
business finance mock today
and those are the three mocks i've got
three exams
two modules statistics business finance
right
let's open it up let's open up this
email i can't believe i put off opening
it for so long
script return confirmation
okay
all right that's not as bad as i thought
it could be
i got 61 which is not likely to have
passed i can't remember what their grade
means
that's a grade c i'll just read you my
feedback anyway i don't actually know
what the c
means i think the c means probable fail
i don't i don't think that's a pass but
my marker has said this is a good mock
apparently good to see you scoring well
on the later questions
do start each question on a new page
this is the instructions at the start of
the question paper yeah
i kind of ignored those she's added
comments with questions that went awry
that's a new word i've learned recently
i used to think that arai
was pronounced ori like my whole life
just because i'd read it when i was
younger and i thought yeah
ori a-w-r-y ori and it took me until the
age of 22
to figure out that the word awry which i
do know that word i just hadn't put two
and two together
and realized that ori and arai are the
same words anyway
type setting is easy to follow good
comments in your answers good
conclusions to the hypothesis
tests good luck with your revision and
the exam oh i feel
so encouraged oh my god the amount of
feedback she's given me
oh my god this marker is my new best
friend this is lovely
oh okay it looks like the past mark
might be around 16.
so i might have passed that do you know
what i'm gonna look into it and i'll get
back to you
now what am i gonna do i'm just about to
jump on a call to my uni friends because
i actually messaged like
15 minutes ago saying coffee broke and
then
i proceeded to get distracted with other
stuff and then i started
vlogging so they are probably waiting
for me to jump on a call that i actually
organized so whoops sorry about that
okay i'm finished with
my day and i'm waiting for dinner and
here is little bussy
little buster oh
how cute is he i know i'm obsessed with
my dog
but it's for good reason i just
he's just the cutest little thing oh
guys i found out what the c meant
and it's borderline that means i've
passed because
they are taking the pass mark to these
mocks as 60
i got 61 so i passed
are we shocked i'm shocked i feel a bit
more boosted i've just told my mom as
well
so mother what do you think of me
getting a borderline pass in my mock do
you think that's pretty amazing it's
like a month before
your exams you still got a whole month
to get that marker
it's less than a month oh it's still
really good
no no so that was the statistics one
well you should put me here
you know maestro so she's gonna pass the
stats one
no i'm not not necessarily obviously i'm
stronger at stats than i am
at business finance because i've done
statistics before i did
statistics at math a level when i was 18
and also i did a bit of statistics while
i was at uni and also
numbers in general like i'm fairly
mathematical
i would say business finance is a whole
new
ballgame really i did my business
finance a lot today and it was just
asking me to form an opinion on things
like
which company someone should invest in
given some data from their account
it's quite challenging it is that
business
wow then it says oh do you think this
budgeting strategy is suitable for this
company
i've written something reasonable for
the answer to every question
but i didn't feel like i was pretending
to know about business when i really
just know nothing about
business you know young enterprise
business
that's true when i was 15 15
9 14. basically i was the managing
director yes you heard me right of a
young enterprise company which is a
scheme in the uk
that a lot of schools and colleges
participate in my mum
here is an accountant so i thought well
she can help me out with the account
stuff
yeah when i ask for help she always goes
i'm working
at being a qualified chartered
accountant yeah yeah
that's quite a busy job being an
accountant it turns out this evening
i've got a whole pizza to myself
my parents don't like this pizza it is
fantastic
how i just say and everyone needs to try
it it's wood fired
mushroom and truffle sourdough pizza
very fancy
mmm best pizza i have ever tasted
yeah both my parents aren't such a fan
i'll have some for lunch
yeah guys i've had dinner i've now got
the expert at work
shut up go away she is helping me
with my question on depreciation
that i wasn't sure i got right actually
i'm pretty sure i didn't get it right so
you will have a revaluation reserve of
50 000. oh
do you know what i've done so i got it
right i put revaluation reserve of 50
but guys look
i missed a zero i typed fifty zero
zero no
if i get dox marks for that i'm gonna be
really sad
hello it is friday evening and honestly
i'm just feeling a bit deflated this
evening you ever have those weeks right
where you feel like you're putting
effort in and you get to the end of the
week
and you're like wait what have i even
achieved this week nothing came together
this week with work so my camera sd card
just ran out of memory so i switched to
my phone
and i've got some ice cream which is
making me feel
ten times better ben and jerry's
chocolate fudge this is one of the best
things i've ever tasted would highly
recommend
i've really been enjoying watching suits
on netflix recently
i think i'm just enjoying it because
it's set in an office and everyone's
wearing
office clothing and looking all
professional and business-like
and it's just that alternate reality to
what i'm living when i have video calls
with people like
everyone is so chill it's quite nice
that everyone's chill at my company
and no one dresses up for work like
everyone
is in their hoodies and jogging bottoms
it's accepted it's fine
[Music]
i have just been exercising
while walking my dog you know
multitasking
it was actually really cold outside like
beautiful blue sky and actually really
really quiet down at the beach which was
good
but such a cold wind my dog had fun too
my dog is way faster at running than me
but we already knew this one phone for
you
thank you no problem don't give it back
to me for a long time
okay okay i have just showered
a little bit later than planned
accidentally spent a lot of this morning
watching suits
made the fatal error of getting addicted
to a tv show
just when my exams are approaching
definitely need to cut back on the
netflix time in the next few weeks
but as you would have just seen i have
given
my phone to my dad for the day or for
the rest of the day at least
so i'm not gonna go on it i've told him
don't give it back to me i need to focus
on my work and at the moment i do not
have the self-discipline to
not go on social media not watch netflix
so the phone has to go
today i am just picking up where i left
off with my revision i was halfway
through
a statistics paper last night that i
want to finish
also the clocks went forward
last night so lost an hour of sleep that
was sad i think that's why it's taken me
so long to get going today
because i was just kind of making up for
the fact that an hour of my time has
been stolen
by daylight saving let's get going i'm
just gonna remind myself where i was up
to with this mock
i did an hour out of three hours and 15
minutes that's so long three hours 15
minutes like
my university exams were three hours and
that was long enough and now they're
giving me
three hour 15 minutes exams so far so
good obviously i've chosen the questions
that i liked the look of first so that's
probably why i found the mock okay so
far
but now i just need to tackle the
questions i'm not so sure about tackle
the
areas of the course i'm not so sure
about and hopefully i'm gonna pass
woohoo that's what we all want
[Music]
i have just finished my practice exam
paper for statistics and
i'm not marking it yet because i need a
break
all in all though really quite happy
with how that went because i managed to
get all of the questions
done in the allowed time so
feeling quite pleased and a lot less
stressed about the statistics paper a
now
i'm gonna take a break and play some
saxophone
and then i do want to do some practice
business it's only half four so i
definitely will have time to do
a little bit of that before dinner
hopefully some after dinner as well
[Music]
so i ended up playing sims
4 for a while uh
we love that and also i've been reading
my book and i haven't really done a lot
of study
like since i last updated you i was
gonna do some business
i'm gonna do it after dinner you know
i've just been
relaxing it's a sunday and it's takeaway
the takeaway has arrived so i'm gonna go
have
food here we have it sims 4. the game is
actually really annoying me at the
moment because
the sims family has toddlers in it at
the moment and they're just so annoying
they just can't do anything for
themselves like i can't believe i've
actually managed to have them
in their beds they just keep napping on
the floor the parents
just keep not doing what i tell them
like i have to tell them like 10 times
to go get some food and they don't get
[Music]
food
you